Update faqs (#50)
wxWidgets/website: docs/faq/windows/index.md

wxWidgets can be used to develop and deliver applications on Windows
XP, Vista, 7, 8, 10.

<a name="manifest"></a>

### Why do controls in my application look odd?

If the controls do not look as expected (very noticeable e.g. with buttons),
your application probably does not have an [application manifest](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/sbscs/application-manifests)

> and so Windows displays the controls unthemed, as if in Windows 9x.

Author: ```suggestion
and so Windows displays the controls unthemed, as if in Windows 95/98/ME.
```
Change to make this clear even to people who are not familiar with abbreviation "9x".

wxWidgets provides such a manifest in wx/msw/wx.rc and so your application will be
themed automatically so long as you include that file in your own .rc file.

<a name="hidpi"></a>

> ### Why does my application look blurry?

Author: Just a reminder to myself
```suggestion
### Why does my application look blurry?

```
